before
media for an exclusive
with
good night before message like Simon
already mentioned
yeah this is this is our first electric
guitar we have once and it's bringing on
this is a big project in a very
important project right
guitar makers making bows
my seagulls like you
what is that
pick up pick up see an angle we need a
bit of a wider range and those pickahs
are basic image
or I didn't know this
this is pretty much the same ultimate
mood
but it's McDonough and it's very
and set up your street
hi and
so um
how much is this going to be in when is
we expect us to be on sale
sep tember or something and the price
will be around
below
awesome
what we have here is
and I beneath universe reissues device
iconic
white
presenting and
expensive so I just
the module pickups
so this is a new premium 7 string
mm-hm
different options for example we have
so we'll bindings
I'm thinking bigger and it's a sea
recording top which is very popular
wouldn't
and yeah we also have lists extreme
version having that neck Lavinia bring
an egg and games you feel free to try it
it's a different feel different all
all right just like the 1040 cause I
also offer fan four bases this year
with five strings and six
this will be well under thousand euro in
stores and
there's also prestige we are not the
five spring
but long
checking out and we will test those
bouncing
you